docs(nuxt): Add docs for Cloudflare Nitro plugin (#14219)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/nuxt/features/nitro-deployment-presets.mdx

---
title: Nitro Deployment Presets
description: "Learn how to set up monitoring of your application when using different Nitro deployment presets."
sidebar_order: 10
---

> The Sentry Nuxt SDK offers support for different Nitro deployment presets. Most of the deployment presets **work out-of-the-box** with the Sentry Nuxt SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Sentry Nuxt SDK provides support for different Nitro deployment presets, most of which **work out of the box**.
```
